What, is item No. 1 a loss?
Then you still asked grandpa to bid?
If it were that simple
Is that still a test?
What our Liu family lacks is not a local big money
You know how to assess the situation
Those who analyze the battlefield are called elites
This is business warfare
Sister Jinbiao will not go anywhere for the past 3 days
The auction collected a lot of good things
Please choose one as a gift to congratulate the Tianlong Club.
Go ahead.
I have passed all the items in this bidding.
All three projects are at a loss.
Just how much?
I have ordered the Wang family to fight for me
No matter which one he Ye Yanpan is, the blood will not return
Jade clams compete
Let's watch me reap the power of the fish and dragon
Blue and white porcelain is already on the way.
What auction?
Just playing house
How to get the attention of the heirs of the Tianlong Society
Is the most important
Miss Lin
I would like to ask you and Miss Su one thing
Oops, thanks to Jiang Shao
We have such a good opportunity
Be sure to present this item today
You are rubbish
How dare you come?